To-do file for ZCN
------------------

The NC200 documentation isn't up to much; in particular, most of
zcn.txt and zcnprog.txt pretty much ignores the '200. This is arguably
a feature, but is probably a bit confusing.

NC200 fixes needed for almost all graphics-using programs. At the very
least, everything graphical should bomb out if we're running on a
'200. Don't know what to do about zcnlib - may be unfixable in the
general case, but I might be able to kludge up something if I add a
zcnfunc for paging in/out video memory. (Well, better to return
address of function to directly call to do both, to save BDOS
overhead.) But it may be better not to do it, than to do it badly.

`note' should stop when there's no more room in memory. An overrun
isn't likely in normal use, but if using it for file transfer via
serial console, it could well happen. Checking bit 7 of h would be
easiest, and should be possible in 4 bytes.

Make submit complain if it can't write to $$$.sub (currently only
complains if it can't make the file!).

expr.z is `finished' but (like the original) has a bug as documented
at start of file. Whether or not I fix this should more fully test
expr by generating loads of test expressions, and comparing output
with that of original program.

Would be nice if zcnclock could enable/disable seconds display, and
not assume local time is GMT and default city London.

`get' should be able to work with only one arg (the filename), such
that `get foo.com' is equivalent to `get 100 foo.com'.

`undel' command to undelete files. Should be able to make this an
external command, probably based on zdbe.

bbcbas:

- needs NC200 support.

- copy cursor should work for chars in range 128-255, or at the very
  least the pound sign as that can be entered from the keyboard.

- should provide a *KEY for changing user areas (but would need to
  deal with currently-open files possibly being in different areas!).

- consider changing copy cursor to beep and copy nothing if char to
  copy is unrecognised (as on BBC). (Currently it copies a space.)

Could do with more appropriate zap file for spell.


[All things below this point are very unlikely to ever get done]

Fix any funcs that write to card to give error if it's r/o.

Update hardware details (e.g. sound) from nciospec.doc.
